Add HTMLTable{Row|Cell}.bgColor (#32994)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmltablerowelement/bgcolor/index.md

---
title: "HTMLTableRowElement: bgColor property"
short-title: bgColor
slug: Web/API/HTMLTableRowElement/bgColor
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.HTMLTableRowElement.bgColor
---

{{APIRef("HTML DOM")}}{{deprecated_header}}

> The **`HTMLTableRowElement.disabled`** property is used to set the background color of a row. It reflects the obsolete [`bgColor`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/tr#bgcolor) attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`HTMLTableRowElement.bgColor`** property is used to set the background color of a row or retrieve the value of the obsolete [`bgColor`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/tr#bgcolor) attribute, if present.
```

**Note:** This property is deprecated and CSS should be used to set the background color. Use the {{cssxref("background-color")}} property instead.

## Value

One of the following value types can be used:

- a named color, like `red` or `blue`
- a hex code, like `#0000dd`

> - an RGB function: `rgb(0, 255, 0)`

Reviewer: same edits as above.

Author: ```suggestion
```

**Note:** The values accepted here are a subset of the CSS color values. You can reuse HTML color values in CSS, but not in the other direction: the unknown colors would appear differently than expected.

## Examples

> Use CSS `background-color` instead. An [example](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/background-color#colorize_tables) is available on the {{cssxref("background-color")}} page.

Reviewer: same suggestion as above
